Hi and welcome to effortless English. This is AJ Hoge talking to you from San Francisco, California. Today's podcast is called change your goal. Let's get started. It's so easy to get impatient. We are conditioned by school and Society to demand instant results. Our attention spans get shorter and shorter School in particular teaches us a lie. The LIE is that in one semester or four years we can take all the required courses pass all the required tests and then receive our degree as proof of our Mastery of a subject or subjects, but this is a farce. It's a farce in most subjects not just language education. In fact formal school is a very poor place to master any subject or skill. I got my undergraduate degree in journalism. I graduated with honors. I took all the required journalism courses and was near the top of my class. I thought I knew the subject well. But upon graduation. I realized that I knew almost nothing about writing or journalism. I was told by many reporters and editors that journalism school was almost useless and that the only thing that mattered was developing one skills independently through experience. Several years later still clueless. I went back to school to get a masters degree in social work. I took classes passed tests and endlessly analyzed obtuse theories of social work at the end of my program. I had an internship. I was placed in an agency that helped abused and neglected teenagers after just one week there. I realized that I had no idea what to do. My master's degree program had not given me any practical knowledge nor usable theories everything. I learned as a social worker. I learned on the job. I learned by trying things examining the results formulating new ideas, and then trying more things. Relentlessly over several years. I improved as a social worker. The Master's Degree was a ticket to higher paying jobs, but it provided nothing useful beyond that. The truth is school is not a good place to learn life is where you learn and that learning is a lifelong process. There is no end. There is no graduation. There are no permanent grades or records true learning trueskill true Mastery come from the process that Anthony Robbins calls Kenai constant and never-ending Improvement. The Japanese call. This Kaizen the truth is learning never ends most language Learners including me are still stuck with a school mentality. They think that if they take enough courses, they'll get a certificate that will prove that they speak the language then they try to talk to a native speaker and discover that their certificate is in fact useless. 

Many language Learners also have a graduation mentality. They think that if they study hard enough in one year two years five years Etc. They will finally graduate from English and be finished but there is no graduation. I am a 38 year old native speaker, and I'm still trying to improve my English speaking ability. I'm trying to work on the rhythm of my speech. I'm also trying to reduce the number of fillers that I use for example, you know like I still have a lot of improvement to make I need to develop the clarity and power of my writing and I'm still learning new words. The point is I will always be improving my English ability. I'll never be finished. I'll never graduate English learning is a lifelong learning process. And though I'm starting 30. Years later than I did with English. I'm beginning to realize that Spanish is also a lifelong learning process of trying to shift my attitude from a graduation mentality to a kanay mentality. There is no Finish Line. There is only constant and never-ending Improvement for as long as I live it can I additude can help your motivation because it takes off the pressure so many language Learners view learning as a race. They are desperately trying to get to the Finish Line as fast as possible Instead try adopting a mindset of constant and never-ending Improvement. Don't worry about Finish Lines instead be sure that every week you improve just a little bit you might learn a few new phrases you might make a tiny Improvement in listening comprehension or pronunciation. The next week be sure to make a few more improvements. They don't need to be big. They don't need to be dramatic small even tiny improvements are enough as long as they are constant and never-ending all in this article with a challenge for the next few months. I challenge you to forget all your Finish Line goals forget toeic and TOEFL scores for get certificates or degrees forget any idea of finishing English instead for the next few months make constant and never-ending Improvement your only goal decide that every week. You will make a very small improvement with your English ability. And you will do this every week constantly consistently never ending. Okay, that's today's podcast. Let me review a few of the new words. Maybe the more difficult words that I used in this podcast up near the beginning. I use the word impatient many language Learners become impatient. That includes me impatient is the opposite of patients. So impatient means not patient, right? It means you're tired of waiting. You want to be perfect in English right now. Okay, I later I used the word farce. I say that formal education formal schools are a farce. It's a strong word first means totally foolish totally stupid a big joke. Okay, A little later. I use the phrase obtuse theories obtuse is something that is very difficult to understand and it also has a negative feeling it gives the idea that it's something that's too complicated. It doesn't need to be complicated but it's made more complicated than necessary a little later. I talked about formulating ideas that when I was a social worker, I would try things then I would formulate ideas to formulate means to create or to make something. So I formulate ideas. It means I make ideas. I come up with ideas. I create ideas. In later, I use the word relentlessly Relentless means without stopping never stopping and relentlessly means doing something without stopping and it has this idea that you will never give up. You will never ever give up never quit you are Relentless you are doing something relentlessly. Okay later. I use a kind of a slang phrase called Kenai. You won't find kunai in the dictionary. Can I is an abbreviation it stands for constant and never-ending Improvement. So we're taking the first letters of each of those words. So it's it's just a short abbreviation a little bit of slang and finally I use the word fillers. I talked about improving my own English and I'm trying to reduce the fillers that I use. When we talk about fillers with speech fillers are the words we use when we are thinking when we don't know what to say next. So, you know, you know, you know, you know, those are filler words there. You don't have a meaning. They just filling the space filling the time. Okay. Well, that's it for Today's podcast effortless English right now is not accepting. 

