Welcome to effortless English today is a beautiful day in San Francisco. And today we have a new conversation between me and my mother in this short conversation my mother and I discussed Sigmund Sigmund is my friends Kristen's cat and for a couple years Sigmund lived with my mom because Kristen was living in Thailand and could not take Sigmund with her when she was there when Kristen returned to America. She got Sigmund from my mother. However, Sigmund had cancer at that time at that point. So he still has cancer now he has a sinus and nose cancer and he is supposed to live only maybe 3 months 4 months. But so Or he's doing okay. So in this conversation my mom and I talked about Sigmund she asked about Sigmund. How is he doing? And I tell tell her a little bit about how Sigmund is doing. Okay, let's get started. Big houses today, so he's doing okay. He's yeah, he's doing alright his eyes looking about the same. Okay, but he's doing I mean in terms of behavior wise he's doing really well. He so glad Place Kristin got him some catnip and she said he was going crazy running around the apartment and he liked it so much. She said he opened the cabinet. She had it inside a cabinet behind all these cans on the cabinet. He used both his paws to take each can out one by one you're getting it so he could get to the catnip again. Rescue Bots like a little bag or something. Yep. So now she's had to use rubber bands to keep the clothes so he can't get in there and get it Larry which is good. Yeah. I really hope that you know that she can have some time. Yeah, you know buy a little time. Yeah, and I'm glad for her that you know, he's not that he didn't get really really sick right off your back. Yeah, exactly. You know this just a little time with him where he's not like that. Okay, that's today's conversation. Let me go over a couple of the new words and phrases here the beginning of the conversation I say that Ziggy is doing okay in terms of behavior wise Behavior Wise Wise when we attach it to another word, it just means in terms of behavior or about his behavior. So I say Behavior wise he's doing okay. It means his behavior is doing okay. Now other areas like his health or other things his food. We don't know it means I'm only talking about his behavior when I say behavior-wise you could say money-wise. I'm doing very well but health-wise I'm not doing well. Okay that same little paragraph. I mentioned the word catnip we talk about Sigmund eating catnip. So catnip is a plant that cats like to eat. 

When they eat it, they become very happy and they run around and they play so we joke that it's kind of like a kitty. Marijuana some kind of kitty drug. And then I talked about Sigmund using his paws to open the cabinet pause our animal feet like a cat has Paws not hands the same with a dog a dog has Paws not hands and my mom says, oh you're kidding. You're kidding. Of course. That means joking kidding means joking. So she's saying, oh you're joking. He didn't really open the cabinet and I of course I say, yes, she he did and then I mentioned that Kristen is using rubber bands to keep the cabinet closed rubber bands are little like rubber strings in a circle and you can use them to hold something together. In this case. She's holding the cabinet closed but they use them around paper. Sometimes those are rubber bands. And my mom laughs and she says that's hilarious. Hilarious means very very funny extremely funny super funny is hilarious. Then a little bit later on at the towards the end of the conversation. My mom uses the phrase by a little time. She's talking about Sigmund being sick with cancer. He supposed to die and she says, you know, I hope this will buy a little time or Kristen can buy a little time when you buy a little time. It means it means your time is short. They're the end is very close. But you do something to get just a little more time. We often use it when people are sick and dying maybe they have one month to live. So you give them some kind of drug or medicine and maybe they can live one more week or two more weeks and we say, ah, we bought them a little time or we can buy them a little time. It means just make a little more time till the end. 

And finally my mom mentioned she says I'm glad he didn't get really sick right off the bat right off the bat. It's a baseball slang actually comes from baseball and right off the bat means immediately means right away immediately think say right off the bat my boss gave me a raise. It means maybe my first week of my job. I got a raise immediately. Okay, that's it. Thank you for joining me and effortless English. Our student site is pretty much full right now not accepting many more trial test students, but we will accept a few more probably in about a month. If you're listening to this podcast. I remind you listen to it a few times one time is usually not enough unless you're a very Advanced students, but if not listen to three four five times I sometimes Listen to Spanish podcast as many as 30 or 50 times. Listen until you get bored, but repetition does help. So keep studying keep your motivation up find interesting things to listen to keep your excitement up and you will succeed. I guarantee you will succeed. Just be patient and keep listening. Okay. Thank you, and I'll see you next time. 