Welcome to the effortless English podcast. This podcast includes a study guide. The study guide is available on my website. Www.africanelements.org was ition dot blog spot.com. You can also go to my website to subscribe to the new feed just click on the iTunes symbol and you will get a subscription to the new feed. Okay this pod As the episode is titled conversation about Sigmund study guide and podcast this podcast presents a real unscripted conversation. I had with my best friend Kristen. I recorded the conversation in her apartment. Kristen has a cat named Sigmund nickname too. Sticky. Unfortunately Sigmund was diagnosed with an incurable form of sinus cancer. My brother-in-law is event and he said That there is no cure for this cancer. Neither surgery nor drugs nor chemotherapy can cure it he said that most cats only live about three months. Once this particular kind of cancer is diagnosed. Kristen has a very close connection with sigmet. She's had him for over 13 years since he was a kid. She was very upset about segments diagnosis, but she has decided not to give up since traditional Medical Has no cure Kristen has decided to try to treat Sigmund with natural herbs supplements and remedies. She researched cat sinus cancer on the internet and found a few suggestions for natural treatments. Here is Sigmund standard treatment plan transfer factors. These are immune boosting components taken from Cal colostrum and chicken egg. Yolks. This supplement is supposed to boost the immune system flaxseed oil many natural vets recommended flaxseed oil as an overall health booster some claim that flax oil has anti-cancer and immune boosting properties. Blessed thistle this is an herb and increases appetite and boost General Health Kristen got a liquid tincture and adds it to sequence water licorice root this herb. Also a liquid concentrate thins mucus and thus helps sticky breathe since the tumor partially blocks his nose digestive enzymes cooking food destroys natural enzymes in it that Aid digestion. So Kristen gives Sigma Did enzyme capsule after every meal fulvic minerals? This is a multi mineral and Trace mineral liquid supplement that Kristen has to his water which is supposed to boost his General Health and immune system. Raw food Kristen adds a bit of raw cat food not cooked bought at a pet store two segments canned food. The raw food is supposed to contain a lot of healthy enzymes vitamins minerals Etc other supplements. She sometimes uses Q10. This is an antioxidant that boosts the immune system shiitake mushroom capsules. Stuckey mushrooms have anti-cancer properties cat's claw. This is an herb that boosts the immune system Essiac. This is an herbal blend that is rumored to have immune boosting and anti-cancer properties cerumen clay. This Clay is rich in minerals and is also supposed to have detox properties. It is added to the water Kristen has been following the standard plan for about a month. It seems to have Help Sigma is General Health seems good. And he seems generally happy and comfortable the swelling around his eye and nose caused by the tumor has not increased. However, it has not decreased either. So Kristen bought the additional supplements Q10 shiitake cat's claw clay and Essiac this Monday. She gave him all these new supplements on the same day. It was too much Sigmund vomited threw up shortly after getting all these pills. 

When I went to Kristen's apartment, we discussed this problem and what to do about it. Here is the discussion. is there anyway, you know, I think that I think you know, we've established a pretty good routine with his you know, the raw food this the the Blessed this on the water the licorice stuff in the water trans factors. I think that are pretty good flaxseed oil supposed to be really good and else has he given every day. Oh, yeah minerals in his water. He stood there you have dozens water again. Not right now. I have the only two clay that's why yesterday I gave. A syringe full of minerals blessed Thistle and the licorice root. He barfed I think this was it was just that it was everything. Yeah. I think the minerals are supposed to also be diluted in water baby. He was that's the first time I've done that because I had given him any of the few days and he was refused drinking it all down fine before I froze in his water. So, you know, maybe go back to all that routine and then just the other stuff is just kind of maybe a little extra. I meant, you know one at one extra thing a day either the cat's claw or the mushrooms or the Q10 is probably plenty after a few days. Yeah, like maybe maybe tomorrow just do the standard thing. I mean go maybe when the Clay's you done with that guy, but that the minerals back in his water and then yeah just do the basic stuff for tomorrow. And then maybe after that you can test him with one thing one of the pills other pill. It's with food. Did you ever eat the catnip? He has a really good. So all this time. He's been throwing up in the past several days. Yeah. He's started eating a little bit crazy now. I don't and he just pulls it off but you know One catnip is a plant that many cats like to eat. It has a calming effect on many cats many cans also love to roll around and play after eating it some people call catnip Kitty marijuana to as always. I recommend a specific study method for using this podcast, especially if you are below the advanced level first read the text, which is located on my blog at www.flcfs.org. Dot blog spot.com use an online dictionary to find words. You don't understand second. Listen to the audio podcast while reading at the same time do this many times the more the better third. Listen only without reading do this. Once you can understand all the vocabulary quickly. Listen many times download this file and put it in your iPod or other MP3 player. Finally fourth, listen pause and then imitate the pronunciation including individual sounds words phrasing and Rhythm of the speaker's try to sound exactly like them. Good luck. The Adventures of segment will continue in later podcast episodes. You can see a study guide for this podcast at my website. I've got the transcript for the entire conversation. And then on the right side of the transcript, I have explained some of the more difficult vocabulary. These are presented as JPEG files in the future. I hope to offer them as PDF files or Word files for those who subscribe to that service. Okay, I'll see you next time and hopefully next time I can report that segment is doing much better. 