Welcome to the effortless language acquisition podcast. Today's episode is titled community. During a recent conversation with Umberto and Tony we discussed the potential of learner created content. Each of us expressed our frustrations with the difficulty of finding authentic and interesting conversational materials that include both audio and text as we chatted. I mentioned my desire to record unscripted conversations between my friends and then transcribe them such unplanned conversations are always much different than the carefully scripted. Presented in textbooks natural conversations are also quite different from audiobooks or audio articles. Next Umberto mention recording short unscripted conversations between he and his wife in Spanish and then posting them to his blog as members of a language learning community. We would then support each other's learning efforts. I'd Supply English content in audio and text form for use by community members who want to learn English and Umberto would do the same for members who want to learn Spanish? The linguist Community also has a large number of Japanese speakers. Tony is currently learning Japanese. So he wants to encourage these students to add Japanese podcasts with text to their blogs which would in serve as learning resources for him. Since Tony is a native Chinese speaker. He can return the favor with mandarin content. With a large enough and active enough Community there would be absolutely no need for commercial materials of any kind Learners could find all the authentic content. They needed easily and conveniently from their language learning community. They can also find plenty of conversation Partners via Skype in their new language while acting as a partner in their own native language in such a community. Everyone is indeed both a learner and a teacher the hierarchical Power preserving dynamics of traditional education disappear as do the failed methods such systems produce. The exciting thing about this is that it's happening right now at the linguist. To be honest, I can't imagine why any language learner would choose another system. I don't understand why someone would pay outrageous amounts of money to go to a typical language school where they will sit in little rows of dest work through beIN all textbooks practice contrived and scripted dialogues take tests analyze rules and in the end acquire very little of the language itself. Actually. I do understand. Schools attract students who are not truly motivated The bulk of traditional students are being coerced to study English their government or job or parents are pushing them or they are motivated solely by extrinsic factors like test scores many of these students have very little desire to actually use the language fluently. How many have little desire to connect with English language cultures or people for these kinds of students? Perhaps school is the right place though. Honestly, I see no reason why such people should be coerced at all. Most. In fact don't need English others in such schools are highly motivated and do have a genuine desire to learn the language, but they don't know of another way. They have been brainwashed by years of traditional education. Asian and don't know what else to do many of these students started as enthusiastic learners, but School quickly Crush their joy for learning the language. But for the others the Learners who do want to reach fluency and know that schools don't work. There is no better choice than self study within a community of motivated language Learners. This is the fastest way. This is the most effective way. This is the most enjoyable way school is a toxic environment for genuine Learners school is deadly for the Curious the interested and the passionate motivated. Don't need school. They only need a community. 
