Welcome to the effortless language acquisition podcast. Today's topic simple learning guide. This weekend. I've been doing a lot of thinking about Learners. I realized that while I do love teaching I really want to start providing more help and resources for students. In my opinion Learners are the most important people in education not teachers not schools, not administrators and bureaucrats. Not textbook publishing companies learners. I've also come to realize that language Learners are the people I really want to reach not teachers. Unfortunately, the education industry is broken and I don't think it can be fixed by teachers Learners are the ones who will fix education. They will fix it by abandoning traditional language education in favor of Independent Learning methods that work. They will fix it by creating their own learning communities. Learners are the most open to these ideas because they have no power to preserve no job to justify no bureaucracy to maintain. the learner cares only about one thing actually learning the language and so over the next few months. I will be shifting my focus from teaching to helping Learners. Unfortunately, these are not the same thing. I will be working on a new website Blog podcast. We'll be focused on Learners and their needs. You and I will start creating conversations audio essays and audio stories with transcripts and wordless. It's as practice. I just created a study guide for the conversation. I had with Steve Kaufman a few weeks ago. I've included it below as for jpeg images English Learners. I'd love to hear your comments and suggestions on how to improve these guides in the future starting in October. The guides will also include Japanese translations of the key vocabulary and phrases. You can listen to the podcast conversation with Steve and see the transcript and study guide on my blog www.effortlessenglishclub.com blogspot.com. 