Welcome to the effortless language acquisition podcast and having some technical problems lately my feed my podcast host with was with a company called solid Cass and they've been having problems have been unable to add new podcasts, but they seem to have gotten the situation fixed. But in the meantime, I also joined the another host. So I've changed the feed and the best. Way to get this podcast really is to subscribe to it with iTunes. If you want to subscribe go to my website www.cookwithsonali.com blogspot.com and the newest entry in the top has a link to my feed. But then also a link to iTunes we don't have iTunes on your computer. 

And I've got a link to that you can go get that for free. And once you have that it's easy to subscribe. I've got a link also to the iTunes and then you subscribe and after that you will automatically get this podcast every time I go outside or go to my website and Just come to your computer automatically. Every time you get on the internet the next one the next episode today's episode is called three jobs. He's essentially have three jobs first. I work for a school called iic in San Francisco, California. It's a good school with very nice students and teachers and a great director while I am often highly critical of schools. I feel that I see is an excellent English language school, and I'm very happy to be teaching their my second job is to touring with the linguist. I don't do this for money. I do it because I believe the linguist Is the most powerful and effective language learning resource available with the linguist student can access a large library of material that comes in both text and audio form the learner can use the system to acquire and save new words and phrases linguist students can also submit writing samples for correction by tutors. Finally the linguist offers one-on-one and group discussion with native speaker coaches via Skype. I can't say Enough good things about the linguist and I'm excited to contribute to their success. If only a little bit finally my third job is teaching private students on my own. I work with a few students here in San Francisco. My job is to coach them towards English mastering and Independence. I don't just teach them English rather. I work to teach them a language learning system when I first meet them. I always tell my private students. I will teach you a very Effective system, but you are going to do all the work. A very honest with my students. I tell them that one hour a week or three hours a week is not enough. I tell them they need to devote at least one hour a day to focused repeated systematic listening reading and if ready speaking practice every single day. I tell them if they follow the plan they will make a breakthrough within six months. If I lie. I tell them that I expect them to fire me. Once they make the Breakthrough. I'm direct about this. I don't want them to become dependent on me. I don't want them to still be coming to me one year two years or five years later. I want them to learn and effective self learning method Master. It make it a daily habit and then eventually Be free of me. As a private coach tutor. I do not consider language explanation to be a very important job. I do explain things now and then but the most Is to one help students develop their own powerful learning plan to motivate encourage coach and cajole them to boost their motivation increase their focus build their confidence and assure their success of the three jobs. I must admit that the third one private English coaching is the most rewarding I enjoy the most because I see the best results. It's so exciting to see you. Make fast progress. It's wonderful to see their confidence grow. It's amazing to see what could be accomplished by an energized learner with an effective plan. Truly amazing. I love being a part of that. 